Migrate plone.exportimport documentation from its docs to its README.md and to Plone 6 Documenation (#47)
plone/plone.exportimport: README.md

  Plone Content Export and Import
</h1>

Package supporting the export and import of content, principals, relations, translations, discussions, and redirects from and to a Plone site.

## Introduction

This package is a slimmer version of the awesome [collective.exportimport](https://github.com/collective/collective.exportimport).

> While `collective.exportimport` supports older Plone versions and Python 2, and also takes care of data conversion from Archetypes to Dexterity, this package focus only on latest Plone and Python.

Reviewer: Typo was already there: "focus" -> "focuses"

```suggestion
While `collective.exportimport` supports older Plone versions and Python 2, and also takes care of data conversion from Archetypes to Dexterity, this package focuses only on latest Plone and Python.
```

## Documentation

[`plone.exportimport` documentation](https://6.docs.plone.org/admin-guide/export-import.html)

## Installation

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This package supports sites running Plone version 6.0 and above.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This package is now included with Plone 6.1 and above by default.
> > The following installation instructions are relevant only for Plone 6.0 sites.
> 
> Add `plone.exportimport` to the Plone installation using `pip`.

Reviewer: As usual, this depends. :-/  This package is *not* a dependency of `Products.CMFPlone`, so it may be be included, even if you are on Plone 6.1.  It is a dependency of `plone.distribution`, which itself is a dependency of `plone.volto` and `plone.classicui`, both of which are dependencies of the `Plone` package.

So maybe rewrite to something like this:

```suggestion
> This package is now included with Plone 6.1 and above by default.

If `plone.exportimport` is not yet available in your Plone installation, add it using `pip`.
```

```shell
pip install plone.exportimport
```

### Load the package

> To make this package available to a Plone installation, you need to load its ZCML configuration.

Reviewer: The `setup.py` of this package registers a `z3c.autoinclude.plugin` entry point, which means its zcml will get loaded automatically when the Zope instance starts.  So the entire section "Load the package" can be removed.

Author: Removed in https://github.com/plone/plone.exportimport/pull/47/commits/06ca6b1f9226e577ce689949fbf4789c0cb34422
